adjusting signer notes (#63)
gochain/docs: public-network/signers/README.md

If a node cannot keep up with these requirements, they may be immediately voted out.

If a signer must be removed for other reasons, such as a more reputable company coming online, there

> will be 60 day notice before being voted out. Signers must also give 60 days before voluntarily leaving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be a 30 day grace period before being voted out. Signers must also give 30 days notice before voluntarily leaving.
```

## Node Signer Company Requirements

* 10+ people as full time employees.
* 1MM+ in yearly revenue.
* Actively building, researching, or contributing to blockchain and education in the broader marketplace.
* Stated and implemented purpose and use for GO collected from signing on GoChain’s mainnet.
* Designated representative to oversee the correct implementation, and operation of the signing node, as well as any general contributions to GoChain as a business previously agreed to by either party, or any concerns that arise at the time of engagement and thenceforth.

## Potential Disqualifications for Removal from Network

* Generally malicious and/or illicit business activity.
* Disparaging remarks or presentations of GoChain, blockchain (or crypto currency in general) to the general marketplace, GoChain clients, business partners, or competitive businesses, and protocols.

> * Actively encouraging companies to build on a different blockchain protocol or to use a different blockchain consultant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Actively encouraging companies to build on a different blockchain protocol.
```
